# Crispin Andrews
[Skills](#what-i-bring-to-the-table) | [Projects](#projects) | [Education](#education) | [Experience](#experience) | [Interests](#interests) | [Contact](#contact)My name is Crispin Andrews and having completed Europe's leading 12 week intensive [Makers Academy](http://employers.makersacademy.com/) Bootcamp along with some self taught skills, I am a confident Junior Full Stack Web Developer with a technology agnostic mindset/attitude with the ability to quickly learn new languages and frameworks.After 10+ years and a “safe and sound career” in the Finance Industry, I tore up the playbook, quit my job, hit the reset button and finally followed my dreams and passions of getting into the tech world of web and game development.So why do I want to code and become a programmer/developer? I love problem solving and the ability to be able to create something with code is an amazing feeling. I have a creative outlook but also a near obsession with small details and how things work and I find coding and developing to be the perfect combination of these. I love the fact that the only limitation to what I can do is based on the effort I am willing to put into my projects and my attitude in dealing with and learning from any obstacles that I come across.## What am I looking for?I am currently open to any Junior roles in the Brighton (potentially London) area where I can continue to learn at the pace I currently am and further develop my Front and Back end skills, that values clean and tested code and that understands that I am a Junior but values what I do bring to the table is willing to invest in that.**What will you get in return?** A committed and hard working Junior who will do their best on whatever tasks you give them, who will continue to learn in and outside of work, won't be afraid to ask for help or say "I don't know", and has the passion and right attitude you are looking for.##Tech skillsDev Skills: Ruby, Ruby on Rails, Sinatra, JavaScript, jQuery, Node.js, Meteor.js, React.js, HTML, CSS, Rspec, Jasmine, Git and GitHub.Learning: C#, Unity, and continually learning and increasing knowledge on all of the above.## ProjectsProject | Description | GitHub | Techs | Timeframe------- | ----------- | ------ | ----- | ---------crowdMarket | An Amazon/Facebook cross where user can tag and sell products in their social posts | [crowdMarket](https://github.com/crispinandrews/crowd_market) | Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, PostgreSQL, Bootstrap, Rspec, Capybara | 4 people, 10 daysCatHub | Facebook for cats.... | [CatHub](https://github.com/crispinandrews/CatHub) | Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, PostgreSQL, Rspec, Capybara | 6 people, 5 days[ScreenShot](https://agile-ridge-12392.herokuapp.com) | Makers weekend project. A site designed so that gamers can upload and share screenshots of their game activity and achievements. In short an Instagram clone for gamers (and my educational purposes....) | [ScreenShot](https://github.com/crispinandrews/instagram-challenge) | Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, PostgreSQL, AWS S3, Rspec, Capybara | Solo, 2 days[Makers BNB](http://team3bnb.herokuapp.com) | AirBNB clone. First group project at Makers | [Makers BNB](https://github.com/crispinandrews/BNB) | Ruby, Sinatra, PostgreSQL, HTML, CSS, RSpec, Capybara | 4 people, 5 days##What I Bring to the table#### First and foremost - Junior Dev / Tech SkillsWith only some basic HTML/CSS knowledge at the beginning of Makers Academy, 12 weeks later I now have good working and useful skills in Ruby/Rails, Sinatra, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Node.js, Meteor.js, improved HTML/CSS and can use testing frameworks such as Rspec, Jasmine and Mocha. Please browse the [projects](#projects) above and/or my [GitHub](https://github.com/crispinandrews) to see evidence of this.Alongside these I am also self learning and gaining a foundation in C# and Unity.#### Passion / CuriosityQuitting a career after 10years? Completely retraining in a field that you are a hobbyist at best in? If it doesn’t take passion and curiosity to do this then what does? Maybe I waited to long to do this but I’m here now and that’s what matters. Out of anything career related I have done, the 12 week Makers Academy course has been the most rewarding/fulfilling out of the lot and has only reinforced my passion for tech and entrenched in me that this is what I want to do.#### The hunger – a quick and adaptable learnerLearning the above Dev skills in 12 weeks shows I’m a quick learner and adaptable. New languages, frameworks, teams, and challenges? No problem! Just like in the real world, techs change and you need someone who is proven to be able react to this and learn and change along with it. Makers Academy proves I can pick up new languages and frameworks quickly. Systems wise, when I went back to Coutts & Co. in May 2015 I picked up the new overhauled system so quickly that by the December I was invited to join QA/Testing Change Management team to ensure that UAT and Regression tests were passing – despite others having 2+ year more experience on the system.#### ExperienceI’m no bright-eyed young Doe mesmerized by the bright lights of the city but I’m no over the hill old Stag either…… But I do have a ton of real world life and working experience, maybe not a direct correlation between my old field and the tech world but priceless skills such as how to be a team player, leadership, time management, how to work to deadlines etc….. and communication skills are all there. 10+ years work experience develops these skills and communication wise I have presented to CEOs, broken bread with Bedouins under the desert sky and made friends on the New York subway. These soft skills and communication are important anywhere, no less than in the workplace and even more so in areas where teams need to collaborate and flow creatively together.#### Honorable mentions….Cool and calm – I’m from the Southern Hemisphere, just try and get me stressed out… Seriously though, I do have a cool head under pressure and prefer to tackle problems head on and rise to the challenge. I’m not saying I always succeed but I don’t let the situation get the better of me.Attention to detail – Working within QA/test teams and environments you need to have the attention to detail to know when things are going wrong, even if it seems like it’s right. Working in Finance also hones this - miss a digit, a comma, wrong column? All these can have major consequences so attention to detail is paramount.## Education#### Makers Academy (September 2016 to December 2016)- Object-oriented design- Agile Methodologies- Test driven development and behaviour driven development- SOLID, MVC- Software Craftsmanship- RESTful APIs- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, Node.js, React.js- Rspec, Capybara, Jasmine, Mocha#### Victoria University (New Zealand) (graduated 2005)- Bachelor of Arts – Double Major in Media Studies and Classics#### Any other qualifications- ISTQB-BCS Certified Software Tester Foundation Level (2016)- Certificate in HTML5 & CSS Web Design & Development (Yoobee School of Design, New Zealand, 2014)- Certificate in Web Design and Development (Open Polytechnic, New Zealand, 2013)## Experience**Coutts & Co, London** (May 2015 to September 2016)    *Officer2 / QA/Test role*  **TSB Bank, New Zealand** (June 2014 to September 2014)   *Treasury/Financial Support*  **ANZ Bank, New Zealand** (April 2013 to April 2014)    *Assistant Manager, Business Banking*  **Coutts & Co, London** (Aug 2009 to Nov 2012)    *Senior Lending Officer*  **Coutts & Co, London** (Sept 2008 to Aug 2009)    *Manager, London Booking Centre*  ## InterestsBoard sports (surf, skate, snow), Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, video games, travel and coding!## Contact- Github: [crispinandrews](https://github.com/crispinandrews)- LinkedIn: [Crispin Andrews](https://uk.linkedin.com/in/crispin-andrews-9992b388)
